Readme.md, before:

# dots

![image](https://i.cloudup.com/RCpB-ASfme.png)

WIP bootstrapping library for osx & ubuntu (and maybe others!)

## Installation

One-liner:

```
(mkdir -p /tmp/dots && cd /tmp/dots && curl -L
https://github.com/nickreffitt/dots/archive/master.tar.gz | tar zx --strip 1 && sh ./install.sh)
```

## Design

The goal of dots is to automate the process of getting your operating system from a stock build to a fully functional machine. 

Dots should be the first thing you download and run to get your computer set up.

This library tries to be organized like a node application, while working within the constraints of bash.

## Supported Operating systems:

### Mac OS X

The OSX build does the following:

- install homebrew
- installs binaries 
- sets OSX defaults
- installs applications via `homebrew-cask` 
- sets up the ~/.bash_profile 

## TODO

* Consider rewriting to be a cross-compiled Go project
* improve modularity (is there a way to source single functions from files?)
* generalize configuration (use secret gists for configuration)
* git-config
* ubuntu profile
* logging
* much more...

# Credits

* Logo by: [Piotrek Chuchla](http://www.thenounproject.com/pchuchla/)

# License

MIT

Commit message:

Update README to included post-installation setup (things I can't seem to automate)

Readme.md, after:

# dots

![image](https://i.cloudup.com/RCpB-ASfme.png)

WIP bootstrapping library for OSX

## Installation

One-liner:

```
(mkdir -p /tmp/dots && cd /tmp/dots && curl -L
https://github.com/nickreffitt/dots/archive/master.tar.gz | tar zx --strip 1 && sh ./install.sh)
```

## Post-Installation Steps

- Install Xcode from the [App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12)
- Install [Tomorrow Night](https://github.com/chriskempson/tomorrow-theme) terminal theme `open ~/Dropbox/backup/tomorrow-night.terminal`
- Install IntelliJ IDEA 14 `curl -o ~/Downloads/idea-14.dmg https://download.jetbrains.com/idea/ideaIU-14.1.5.dmg`

## Design

The goal of dots is to automate the process of getting your operating system from a stock build to a fully functional machine.

Dots should be the first thing you download and run to get your computer set up.

This library tries to be organized like a node application, while working within the constraints of bash.

## What's Included

The script does the following:

- install homebrew
- installs binaries
- sets OSX defaults
- installs applications via `homebrew-cask`
- sets up the ~/.bash_profile
- sets up the ~/.zshrc

# Credits

* Creator: [Matthew Mueller](https://github.com/matthewmueller)
* Logo by: [Piotrek Chuchla](http://www.thenounproject.com/pchuchla/)

# License

MIT
